hey can I sit here yeah thanks
are you new yeah first day yeah thanks
where did you get that uh like
everything look big a big Tony gave you
that don't need that what everything in
prison has a price bro
well yeah you owe big Tony now he wanted
help later on so I said yeah you
wouldn't help are there onions on that
how many there's onions
how many pickles are on it if there's
three pickles how did you know there's
pickles on him just how many puzzles
there's there's three right there
there's three pickles
what exactly did big Tony tell you when
he gave you a burger with three pickles
you have a martini in prison you didn't
think this is weird what did he tell you
well that's my first day I mean like
maybe he's just being a nice guy he's
not what did he say what were the words
that came out of big tony's mouth he
said meet him around the back did he say
meet him around the back it's exactly
what he said or did he say anything else
so the back door look around in this
room do you see a back door in this room
you don't there's only one door coming
in and we acted go out that same door
big Tony told you to meet him at the
back door and he gave you this in prison
you're screwed dude oh you got to get
rid of that how I mean I'll take it for
you do that since it's your first day no
yeah I got you bro that's really nice of
you
you gonna give me that switch - you can
have mine
give me the martini can I have this
yeah what is this it's like coffee
motor-oil welcome to demolition ranch
hey for your speech hey what's up good
to see you here you too so you spent
some time in prison right yeah yeah
you're number fourteen thousand five
hundred seventy-one that's right what my
time in prison I always wondered can we
shoot through these prison cafeteria
trays I was thinking the entire time I
was there yeah so can you show this to
me this is steel it's pretty thin though
yeah so I've always wondered like will
it stop at 22 what do you think I'm not
sure I don't even know what a 22 is can
you bend this I don't know oh yeah okay
it bends oh that was weird
so we got a bunch of them we lined them
all up in a row we're gonna shoot them
with a bunch of caliber starting with
the 22 long-rifle
it's a little baby bullet okay little
mouse and we're gonna see how many they
go through this episode is brought to
you by simply say this incredibly
reliable and effective home security
that keeps your home safe
simply safe projects like a pro with
24/7 professional monitoring and 3.5
times faster police dispatch yeah we got
a guy looks real handsome he's sitting
on the couch talking to himself right
next to the RPG lamp probably armed oh
they're talking about me this house has
simply safe I'm out simply save his
modern comprehensive it protects your
home inside and out plus it's equipped
for worst-case scenarios with use Wi-Fi
power or your system is attacked it
still works experts choose simply safe
police departments use it across the
country and over three million people
rely on simply safe every day it
probably has something to do with their
farah naaz prices no contracts and only
fifty cents per day whether you are in a
tiny little one-bedroom apartment with
only one door in one window you can set
up that or if you
live at the top of a hill in a giant
mansion I'm not talking about me my
mansion doesn't have doors or windows or
walls or anything worth stealing in it
but if my mansion had all those things
I could totally set it up with simply
safe this is simply safe smartlock you
make sure your home is more secure by
ensuring it is always you guessed it
locked whether you can keep track of who
comes in goes even grant access at any
time to anyone from anywhere unless
they're from Canada and then you
probably should not open that door in a
world where gun channel sponsors are
harder and harder to find simply save
has been there time and time again to
sponsor our channel so if you have any
interest in securing your home better
please go down description below and
click the link simply safecom slash a
demo ranch it goes to support what we do
here it is an awesome service and I
can't thank them enough for continuing
to stand by
demolition ranch yeah is that you know I
line up sites no all right here we go
guys wait do I hold this with one hand
or two two is good okay here we go
you want more I think that went through
no it's good let's check it out
oh here just one so that's our first one
here's really hit but so it went in
there scooped out made it through one
plate so if you are in a prison and
someone has a 22 in their company show
you have to at least you need to steal
your buddy's trach leave him defenseless
so you can protect yourself go or at
least fold one in half oh no use you
could see everybody that way now we have
the Silencerco maximum 9 and in it we
are shooting some nine-millimeter
tracers what's the tracer tracers makeup
they just flash but I actually don't
know if we have enough distance here to
really see them trace so we'll find out
all right
9-millimeter I predict is gonna go
through seven before it stops I didn't
see a trace did you that I I mean I saw
a fire egg that's all I'm gonna fire
over in the dirt no I don't think we
have enough room to actually see the
tracers go off boom
that made a way bigger hole on one two
three four five six seven and it stopped
on the eighth I'm just too good too good
at this game
here is the last one that's the seventh
popped through there and the eight just
has a little bin to kind of just like
the 22 but on the eighth one these up
here got ripped pretty good so for a
nine
you need seven I guess eight trays
you're gonna save you a lot of buddies
yeah well they won't know your buddies
ever still their lunch trays Pete I was
thinking in the next round you can shoot
it we're gonna shoot out of this shotgun
it's the comrade 12 we have a salvo 12
on the end of it and these rounds are
just normal shotgun rounds so I'll do
what nothing I'll let you shoot this one
you're gonna like it
lock the load before you buddy here you
go flip that down pull the trigger ready
to go I'm gonna go back here behind this
tree wait why are you scared I'll just
be behind you go for it
shoulder into this why are you like this
just shoot it it's fine I wouldn't it
wouldn't lead you astray right yeah you
would there we go I'm ready boy stand
back here
yeah you're good you sure yep that's
like sparklers that's cool right it was
awesome nothing actually went through
that's the 22 that's a 9 this is where
all that hit I could aim though huh
pretty good yeah it was great aim I
think that's just magnesium it's burning
so not a lot of like power behind it
yeah just more flash Ultima pieces that
come out right yeah I don't all shotgun
shells go like that where it's just like
not all we have some that are just one
big thing oh okay we should try that one
ounce shotgun slug high brass
I bet goes through more than the nine
yeah I bet it is exactly what the nine
did I was just here for the firepower
out sludd going into prison trees whoa
there's your slug so the slug went one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten eleven Wow and then hit this last
one is it better than you think and
either stopped and fell down or just
kind of bounced out but he didn't have
didn't have much power anymore because
it didn't even it bent that down but
didn't touch this one it went better it
was better than the original law better
than the 9-millimeter I am surprised
when you shoot a 300 blackout next
should penetrate very well as I'm sure
you know about penetration yes with all
your big Tony antics yes this is the sig
rattler chambered in 300 blackout with
thanks a restaurant it's my safety right
yep flip that down put the dot on the
trays and you're good to go nice so he
hit right here at the bottom and then
there hit hit hit you can see it getting
a little bigger still coming through the
hole is bigger here bigger there that's
where it stopped right where did he go I
don't know yeah I did break through I
bet the bullet is somewhere around here
we should have a cleaner laboratory so
one two three four five six seven eight
nine
it went through nine and stopped on the
10th huh because of my bad eight no you
did great you did it actually pretty
good welcome this is a 300 blackout this
is the 50 BMG we're gonna shoot the
barrett m107 a1 and we have the barrett
suppressor on the end of it this just
looks silly what do you mean I mean
totally normal this is like this is just
my hunting ring like you're trying to I
don't know I don't want to say something
bad about you bad but I guess make sure
you're trying to make up for something
I've got a big truck too when Pete came
down a few years ago he shot his first
gun with me and it was a 50 BMG don't
mess this out to kill myself huh
you guarantee it I know no guarantees on
demolition ranch I think it's not gonna
make it through all of them I am more
and more impressed by the prison trays I
think we'll make it through half the
stack really with the 50 Cal that's a
pretty weak gun then yeah it's pretty
weak here we go
50 BMG at the prison trays I saw that
last one going passed up the end ones
wow you smell that you smell that man
that smells good
that was one of those where I give it up
there and you have to shoot it on the
way down and then you everything shakes
and I'm like I wonder if I hit it and I
like look around the gun I'm like oh
good things are moving yeah you can
totally see down here look in my 50 hole
you just rip this one out yeah also
that's the one that caught it
yeah so this is our last one oh is it so
it rips it this is what actually does
like it rips the outside layer off of it
22 24 26 28 30 32 34 36 37 38 so 38
Trey's you're gonna have to take 38 of
your buddy's trays to stop at 50 Cal I
mean anybody eating with you I have the
same tough smacking them in the neck and
still in the trace yeah what's crazy
about this guys is it's actually super
hard to find bullets especially 50 BMG
speakers you're going so fast and they
usually will bury themselves a foot in
the dirt you'll never see it again so
for this to be laying on the ground
right here it's super super cool you
should take that back to Canada whoa
that's for you thank you that's what
you're I get arrested at the border but
have fun
hey this is the serious time oh hey guys
thanks for watching hey make sure to go
check out furious Pete's channel linked
in the description below he came all the
way down to Texas from Canada just did
oh sorry I'm just really stressing [__]
just to help me shoot these prison trays
because we served time back in the pin
while back man
totally was Tony was a handful yeah it
was a never mind
good times hey link inscription below
also if you want to buy some of our new
merch it's prison shirts get that get
that we got two two of two limited
edition versions for 69 69 or those code
big Tony you get you get a prison tray
for free yeah you don't don't actually
you don't want to use the code big Tony
I'm just kidding we're not really
selling person shirts we have real
shirts if you want they they look better
I'm not gonna show it to you you know
what they look like if you click the
link in the description below we also we
also have knives prison knives for sale
a description below also Pete's hats for
sale we sell these what else what else
do I want Oh shake on my underwear love
you roll the bloopers need some help
around the back around the back he said
she needed some help around the back
around the back Tony gave you that yay
the one picture that's pink Tony big
dude
meat around the back and you thought
that was okay yeah first day
ah nice martini for cherries and ask you
to help him out and you thought that was
a good idea
you've got a martini in prison what
the D fast water didn't say anything
just one help later on in the back he
said in the back double martini imprison
you didn't think that sounded weird
what exactly did he say the back of what
what did he ask you
you wanted help help him around the back
the what the back what I don't really
know what kind of help he just told me
like it was like somewhere around like
the back door or in the like around the
back something I don't really know
Bobby I'm a doctor yes I was just here
for the fire power